Add "Hello Kedro" example to examples repo (#50)
quantumblacklabs/kedro-examples: hello-kedro/README.md

# Hello Kedro Example

> This is the example code described in the [Hello Kedro](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/private-kedro/blob/develop/docs/source/02_getting_started/04_hello_kedro.md) documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the example code described in the [Hello Kedro](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/latest/02_getting_started/04_hello_kedro.md) documentation. 
```

Reviewer: This link should be available once we release it :)

> <!-- NOTE: LINK TO CHANGE SHORTLY -->

Reviewer: What is this? Is it possible to remove this note, and apply the change with another PR?
